#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "lmodern" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 11
\spacing onehalf
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 1in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Competition and Innovation Incentives
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The standard way to augment the Aghion & Howitt endogenous growth model
 to account for competition is to posit a certain number of firms engaging
 in a patent race.
 Competition is then simply the degree of collusion in the product market
 when firms are neck-and-neck.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
More competition makes 
\begin_inset Formula $\pi_{0}$
\end_inset

, flow profits when neck-and-neck, lower.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Thus 
\begin_inset Formula $\pi_{1}-\pi_{0}$
\end_inset

, the flow increase from becoming the leader, is higher, increasing the
 incentives for neck-and-neck firms to innovate.
 This is the 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

escape competition
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 effect.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
At the same time, the incentive to innovate is made smaller for impatient
 laggard firms.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The problem with this? 
\emph on
This does not really capture what we mean by 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

increased competition.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
When competition increases, flow profits when neck-and-neck decrease.
 But we keep constant the number of firms engaging in the patent race, which
 might be shutting down an important mechanism by which more competition
 reduces the expected length of a monopoly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Of course, this can still happen endogenously in the above model.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
But the key point is: harsher competition between the same number of competitors
 is not the only form of 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

more competition
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

; simply having more competitors could have different effects in this case.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
Moreover: is it 
\emph on
efficient 
\emph default
to incentivize innovation in this way?
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
By lowering 
\begin_inset Formula $\pi_{0}$
\end_inset

, we increase the private benefits to innovation.
 Essentially, by eliminating the neck-and-neck firms' pseudo-monopoly position,
 we give the monopoly rents to the consumers.
 But now the neck-and-neck firms act like entrants engaging in 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

business stealing
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 - except the rents they are stealing are the consumers'.
 This is fine, though, because they do not steal 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The private benefits to the neck and neck firms are the social benefits
 plus the fact that they now get more of the social pie.
 So they will invest inefficiently high amounts.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
If for some reason you had too little innovation, this could be good.
 But is this the case here? While the laggard firms may have a small incentive
 to innovate...shouldn't they? If anything, as laggards, they innovate 
\emph on
too much 
\emph default
in equilibrium, since they are trying to steal business from incumbents...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
But what if you had a complete monopoly? All of the surplus goes to the
 incumbent.
 If all the surplus goes to the incumbent, you have a Pareto-efficient level
 of innovation.
 When you start adding 
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\end_body
\end_document
