#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 1in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Important Questions to have Answers To
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Why do firms need non-competes to enforce their IP rights?
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Why might a firm not want to use patents on their IP? Have a story, an example
 - don't just speculate! Maybe some data!
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Why would a firm not want to use an NDA? Have some data - some anecdotes,
 quotes from businesspeople, etc.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Most non-enforcing states, including California, allow VC firms to require
 employees at the firsm they fund to sign non-competes as a condition of
 their investment.
 This suggests an alternative path for an inventor in a non-enforcing region
 who has some IP he does not want to patent for whatever reason: form a
 firm with the knowledge embodied in the firm, sell it to a VC or other
 investor, and sign a non-compete.
 
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
What is my actual story about why economic activity reallocates towards
 regions which do not enforce?
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Details about cross-state enforcement.
 If I work for an employer based in enforcing state X, can I just move to
 non-enforcing state Y and open a competing firm with impunity?
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\end_body
\end_document
