#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "lmodern" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 11
\spacing onehalf
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 1in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
Take the model I have written, but suppose instead that it's a fraction
 of people who are bound by non-competes, and it is discovered upon them
 learning the idea whether they are bound.
 If they are bound, they are bound forever.
 This reduces the problem to two state variables.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
Role for non-competes
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There are a few possibilities: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Current approach: workers can open firms even when employed, so they cannot
 commit not to compete in the model by continuing to work for the incumbent.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Ad-hoc preclude the firm from offering a different wage to workers with
 knowledge ex-post to keep them employed and implement that way a (costly)
 non-compete.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Create some friction that prevents firms from doing this.
 Do we observe this behavior in the data?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Allow firms to do this, but note that there is still a role for non-competes
 because this commitment is costly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
Efficiency of non-competes
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We establish a role for non-competes by hypothetically allowing for situations
 in which they are able to attain better allocations for the contracting
 pair than when they are not available.
 But then we have to establish the efficiency properties of non-competes
 by considering what frictions we want to study and their effects on bilateral
 efficiency (behavioral biases, no consideration, etc.) and social efficiency
 (monopoly power, financial frictions).
 Also, do we want to allow firms to commit to a buyout? If so, if this doesn't
 happen in practice, we need a friction that makes this something they choose
 not to do – is writing out contracts just 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

costly
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

? Well, the model could actually tell you how costly it would have to be
 to not be worth doing, if we allow it...etc.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
