#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Mauricio Notes on Macro Lunch Presentation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
slide 4: - esteban: what does nonenforcement mean? is it a law, or is it
 about courts? - ezra/esteban: - state competition OR agg effects of noncompetes
? - the first might also 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
slide 6: - adrien: why dont firms use renegotiation of contracts as a way
 to make the workers stay, backloading wages? why abstract away from it?
 it might be relevant for instance if there is uncertainty on both the worker
 and firm side 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
slide 8: - esteban: how come the policy change was accidental? couldnt they
 pass a law to cancel it after the fact? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
slide 9: - calibration explanation: very unclear in my opinion… 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
slide 10: - typo: more employeR investment
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
slide 11: (i think maybe you should talk about data later, before talking
 about calibration)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
slide 12: - corina: why not control for migration flows instead of building
 the structural model? - esteban: seems like you will only have one data
 point, the michigan experiment.
 why do you need the structural model? - the model can help you do counterfactua
l, decompositions, look at welfare.
 - for the empirical part, does it mean that the experiment is not good?
 - you need to justify better why you need to build a structural model -
 chris: isn’t what you want to do similar to nakamura steinsson? (you are
 too defensive in answering the questions.
 they are trying to help you, don’t shut them off…)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
slide 16: - eeckout: what creates the inefficiency? what is it that people
 cannot contract upon, that brings about the inefficiency? it would be nice
 to show the benchmark of the efficient - nobu: there’s heterogeneity in
 the prevalence of noncompetes across different sectors/ type of workers
 - if you wanted to talk about this cross sectional heterogeneity you would
 need a richer contracting environment.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
slide 17: (limit on hiring by entrants: probably you could borrow from the
 firm dynamic literature to have slower growth)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
slide 20: (explain the indifference condition better) - adrien: workers
 in R&D have lower wages than those working in the final goods sector? slide
 22: - esteban: why do you need the congestion? seems like an extra spillover,
 but why do you need if you have so many inefficiencies already? - you need
 to talk at some point about what are the mechanisms that you can actually
 identify in the data…
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
slide 25: (need to prove these claims, it seems to me
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
