#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2.54cm
\rightmargin 2.54cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Non-compete paper ideas in increasing order of subtlety
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Do non-competes help or hurt aggregate growth?
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Can study by just setting up a model.
 Assuming non-competes, then assuming no non-competes.
 
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Can we write a model where non-competes hurt aggregate growth, but non-enforceme
nt in region A (while region B enforces) lead to results similar to those
 in the empirical work? Probably, due to brain drain.
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Here now you need a model with two regions and worker flows between the
 regions.
 More complicated.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Analyzing the collective action problem with non-competes.
 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Finally, here now you need to endogenize the *decision* to choose a non-compete.
 Don't even know what framework I would use.
 Something like optimal contract (because anything else would be competed
 away in equilibrium or something?) but not sure.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Necessary to do this if we think that non-competes will generally naturally
 occur in industries / occupations with lots of benefit and relatively few
 negative effects.
 Because then allowing enforcement will not quite look like (1), where we
 *impose* non-competes on everything.
 
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\end_body
\end_document
